---
title: Week 4 - Form Redesign & Website Improvements Ideas
date: 2024-02-12
categories: [weekly_meeting]
tags: []
---

## Recap of Previous Week  

### Meeting with Da Spot owner

We met up with the main client to discuss the project in more detail. From this meeting, we gained context about the broader scope of the project, learned the owner's vision of how the recommendation feature should work, and developed new ideas as well as concerns:

- The catering service should be framework agnostic. It should be able to plug into a different database and still work, and for another website (not just Daspot), but for simplicity, just assume Daspot for now.
- The user should be able to complete their catering order in a free-flowing manner.
  - want to get to the end in as few clicks as possible
  - idea: an adaptive form that asks different things depending on what the user inputs?
- Also give two flows: recommendations based on user’s historical purchases vs. global.
  - Procedural; users may login at the start of the flow (not really login, as entering in their contact information), or have the option to skip if they don’t want to login.
  - Users are more likely to login if they are repeat customers, otherwise they probably don’t want to log in
- How do we avoid asking the user for too much information while providing them a free-flowing experience?
  - for example, the budget might have a big impact on the recommendations, but asking the user for their budget upfront can feel constricting for them
- How do we handle nuances in ordering, like food handling
  - if the distance is far, should we recommend raw fish dishes less?
- What kind of method of input would be best?
  - our current idea to have a form may be intimidating to users
  - perhaps an audio interface users can speak with?
